tell me damien I invite friends to come
drink tea at home what are you
I propose to the cake I have a small
4/4 small idea with lemons you go
see freshness and taste for a recipe
simplissime
we go if I'm going to help you but this pack
is a hardworker ok I'm breaking teaser
to break eggs must never be
case it is at the edge it is a more beautiful
cookie try there is a tuque a
always a fake dish like this and there
you do not see a clear break
you never have to organize two
Helvetians add bricks women the
bosom
I am confused and telephony muscles
that's why they're 7 + 15 at the
end of the recipe for basic m bravo
dahra now I make you work
you will change once and we have the
flour and I always prefer being
dilute the baking powder you I put
Several chemical plane
we mix a small role this is the
best way to distribute well
the measurements directly all of a sudden
like that we hope and mix you there
reaches the center is gradually
you're going to collapse you see there the
flour is told she is there for
to help you that I was a kid I'm going to pour
melted butter
that's the pac method of words - damien
I stop possible because I am
tired the grave and just chained
perfect and here is the device at 4/4 bases
determined
we will add a lemon zest so we
will prefer a violent gesture bio or
then at least not Christian harvest
happy and I will add half a juice
of lemon in can make it some
good acid thing
it's to avoid glitches to life
active have had this and well now we
remove the chart whip will be able to
pour into the cake tin
previously shirt and gold shirt
fooled himself with a bar mad
okay and with a little flour and
for cooking in nyon you see it's
super simple she oven ascending 10 °
as to preheat your leather 30 to 40
perfect minutes the best is the test
of the knife because the tip of the knife
hcc resources cooked on monday then goes
typing or not great is super good and
in addition are you can even prepared
to the advanced
it's your turn